Fixing broken link (#442)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/troubleshooting.adoc

This page provides possible solutions to several common issues you may encounter when using Neo4j Aura.

> Regardless of the issue, viewing the link:/docs/aura/platform/logging/download-logs/[Aura query log] is always recommended to monitor processes and verify any problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of the issue, viewing the xref:platform/logging/download-logs.adoc[Aura query log] is always recommended to monitor processes and verify any problems.
```
